1. Hours to complete the project: 12 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (PicoBot: Empty Room Coverage): I watched the screencast and used
   the advice of moving the picobot to one corner. I moved the picobot to the 
   top-right corner and implemented the code used in the original up-and-down,
   right-to-left picobot program.

   Problem 2 (Squared Distance): When I did this assignment, I followed the 
   concepts presented in the screencast and converted it into code. 
   I didn't have too many problems doing this part of the project. 
   To help keep track, I wrote my comments before writing the code that 
   corresponded with each comment.

   Problem 3 (Sum of Ints): Once again, I followed the idea shown in the 
   screencast and utilized the HMMM powerpoint whenever I needed code reference.
   All I had to keep in mind was to place the jump of the 'yes' condition after
   the 'no' condition when seeing if r1 was > 0 or not.

   Problem 4 (Primality Testing): Like the previous HMMM programs,I followed the
   screencast and tried to code it in an efficient and readable way. I did 
   encounter some issues when writing this program. The order of the 'yes' and
   'no' conditions was throwing me off. To debug, I went to the online simulator
   and re-wrote the program without comments in the way and thought about how 
   the each input would be manipulated as it passed through the program. I then
   went back to the hmmm file and rewrote my code and fixed the line numbers.

   Problem 5 (Euclid's Algorithm, Iterative Approach): To get this going,
   I utilized the screencast and succeeded with only minor issues. My only issue
   was I accidentally used setn instead of copy, but as soon as I looked back
   onto the hmmm powerpoint and realized my mistake, I managed to fix the issue.

   Problem 6 (Euclid's Algorithm, Recursive Approach): When writing the recursive
   approach of Euclid's Algorithm, I referred to the screencast and only had minor
   problems during the process. My only problem was confusing the order of the
   registers when using the storer and loadr functions.
 
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   All in all, I enjoyed doing this project. It was fun to figure out the picobot
   and hmmm programs here. The screencast was very helpful and explained the
   concepts in a clear and understandable manner. I have some coding experience
   with Java from my senior year of high school and python from self studying
   over the summer, so I have been exposed to algorithms and certain ideas like
   iteration and recursion. But, by doing this project, I feel my previous
   knowledge has definitely been enhanced and just working hands on with code is 
   a great experience. I've never used a low-level programming language like HMMM
   before, so I thought it was really cool just to use it.
