1. Hours to complete the project: 36 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Particle Identification): To go about this problem, I followed the
   the directions on the pdf and the comments written in to guide in the files.
   First, when it came to blob.py, I didn't know how to go about the 
   constructor, I realized that all the values had to be for the instance 
   variables were 0, 0.0, and 0.0 respectively. I then used a helpful Piazza 
   post to guide me when implementing the add method. For blob_finder.py, I
   intially struggled, but when I saw my professor during his office hour,
   he gave me some reminders and things made sense.

   Problem 2 (Particle Tracking): Once again, I used the pdf and the guiding
   comment in the file to guide me. At first, I struggled with thinking about
   how to go about getting the distance between each bead in the previous
   frame and all the beads in the next frame. I also had to switch my bead list
   order to make the output fully correct.

   Problem 3 (Data Analysis): Finally, avogadro.py was pretty straightforward
   for the most part. But I needed to make sure that everything was clear and
   readable since my output for it was very close to what it needed to be. So,
   I divided each of the three calculations into their own definitions.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Swami Iyer         Professor    Office Hour Assistance

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I thought this project made me think a lot, particularly about object 
   oriented programming. I think it was good way to reinforce my understanding
   of it by appyling it here in this project. It was very rewarding after all
   the hard work debugging and figuring out how to solve the problems. I look
   forward to the last project of the semester.
