1. Hours to complete the project: 5 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Wind Chill): I approached this problem by following the
   directions on the pdf and just converting the ideas into code.
   I didn't really face any issues when writing this program.

   Problem 2 (Body Mass Index): Once again, I took the calculation
   and converted it into code, and I didn't have any issues. When writing the
   output, I calculated the final result in the parameters of the writeln
   statement.

   Problem 3 (Polar Coordinates): Like the previous programs, I understood
   what I needed to do as far as performing the calculation. However, when
   writing the arctangent function, I had to type python in the terminal
   and went to the math module to find how to code it.

   Problem 4 (Order Check): Writing this program was very simple. Initially,
   when writing the programs for the project, I didn't use the screencast.
   I eventually noticed the screencast and saw it had important information,
   which included not using 'if' or other conditional flow statements. I re-
   wrote the program to fit the instructions.

   Problem 5 (Day of the Week): Writing this program was pretty straight-
   forward. When doing the calculations, I didn't have any issues writing
   this program at all. I was just sure to write comments and write a clean,
   readable program.

   Problem 6 (Mercator Projection): I followed the directions and wrote the
   program accordingly. I remembered to keep in mind the style guide and 
   used pep8 to check my work. I did have to adjust my indentation a little,
   but that was it as far as concerns here go.
 
   Problem 7 (Great Circle): Like the other programs, writing this program
   was pretty clear. However, I at first felt it was hard to read and messy
   because I was incorporating all the math functions together. To clean up,
   I converted all the float-converted inputs to radians at the top.

   Problem 8 (Three Sort): I initially wrote this program using control-flow
   statements. Even with them in use, I still had to think a lot. However, I
   watched the screencast and learned that I had to use max() and min(), so I
   re-wrote the program using them. I found the medium value by finding the
   smallest of the largest 2 numbers.

   Problem 9 (Random Integer): I didn't have any issue writing this program.
   All I had to do was important the random module and I was all set.

   Problem 10 (Three Dice): When writing this program, I remembered that the
   randrange() function of the random module doesn't include the end-number.
   So to get a random integer from 1 to 6, I used 1 and 7 as parameters.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I really enjoyed doing this project. It feels so much better to be
   programming in Python rather than in tedious HMMM. Throughout the
   project, I always placed my best efforts into writing as cleanly, readably,
   and efficiently as possible. I used pep8 to ensure I was fitting the style
   requirements, though I understand that we shouldn't follow it too strictly
   since there may be times when using it will make the program less readable.
   However, in this case, I don't believe following pep8 made any of these
   programs less readable. As a Computer Science major, I enjoy working hands
   on with coding and learning from it. I look forward to learning more.
