1. Hours to complete the project: 18 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Markov Model Data Type): To go about this, I used the pdf and
   online posts on Piazza to assist me. Another way that helped me figure out
   and understand problems here was the use of the Python shell in the
   terminal to play around and experiment with dictionary manipulation. Once
   I knew the code was correct, I simply implemented it in each definition.
   Out of all the methods in the API, replace_unknown was the hardest of them
   all because it took the most thinking for me. One Piazza post and a visit
   to my professor was helpful to me in figuring this particular method out.

   Problem 2 (Random Text Generator): Once again, I used the pdf and just 
   followed the comments to direct me. It was pretty straightforward, so I
   didn't really have any problems.

   Problem 3 (Noisy Message Decoder): Like Problem 2, I used the pdf and was
   fine implementing the code here. It was pretty straightforward to follow
   the comments, and it was only slightly different from Problem 2.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Swami Iyer         Professor    Office hour explanation
   Donald             Student      Explaining ideas and clarifying concepts

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   All in all, I feel like this project was one of the most challenging
   projects so far; about as difficult as the guitar hero project in the sense
   that it took a lot of thinking, but then again, that's what computer
   science does. I was initially scared from what I saw in the pdf, but as I
   began to understand it better, it wasn't so bad. Using important posts on
   Piazza was and playing around on the Python shell were most helpful for me.
   Finally, I'd like to say that this is one of the most rewarding projects,
   and I look forward to working on the next and final project of the
   semester.
