1. Hours to complete the project: 18 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Calculating Edit Distance Using Dynamic Programming): In this 
   problem, I utilized the screencast and understood the idea behind what the
   program was supposed to do. I did encounter some issues when going about
   doing this. He initializing the base case row and column, I initialized
   them using a nested for loop. However, when I saw my professor during his
   office hour, I learned that they should have been initialized using
   separate for loops rather than using nested for loops, and I understood
   why. Another issue, I encountered was writing the parameters of the nested
   for loops when computing the rest of opt. I was reminded about my professor
   about how the starting point is inclusive and the end point is not, so I 
   adjusted for that, and also made the step negative since the for loop had
   to go backwards in order to fill in the rest of the matrix. Finally, one
   more problem I had was with the printing out of the matrix. After a quick
   logical thought, I realized that I had to set j equal to N when writing it
   out with a newline and without the newline otherwise.

   Problem 2 (Recovering the Alignment): Once again, I watched the screencast
   and understood what the program was supposed to do. I followed the comments
   and tried to put the ideas into code. Initially, I was stuck on how I would
   go about getting the matrix written from the edit_distance.py program. I 
   was thinking of using nested for loops and confirmed that this would work
   when I saw it in class. However, in class, I also learned that there is a
   more efficient way of doing so in one line using stdarray.readInt2D(), so I
   used it. Then, in the part of the program where I had to recover and write
   an optimal alignment, I thought for loops would be necessary, but found 
   that a while loop would do the trick. Even though it passed both pep8 and
   run_tests.py, when I passed the endgaps7.txt data file, it didn't quite
   produce the desired output, so I played around the code and realized that a
   conditional at the end outside of the while loop would fix the issue.
 
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Swaminathan Iyer   Professor    Pointed out code problems and talked me
                                   into finding the solution.

   Kyler Mikulski     SI leader    Went over important concepts and ideas
                                   during SI session.

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   All in all, I felt like this has been the most challenging project out of
   the projects so far, but I'm okay with this and understand that it's part
   of the process. I got to work with 2D arrays and practice my skills with 
   them. I learned a lot from the project and feel like my understanding has
   been reinforced. I thought it was really cool to work with gene sequences
   and manipulate them into their most efficient line-up to determine how
   closely related they are to each other. I look forward to whatever comes
   ahead and would like to conclude by saying that it was very rewarding to
   complete this project.
